- ahh the feeling of being boxed in.
  * flask jsonify([]) <- go fuck yourself. so you gotta jsonify({}) things
  * angular &lt;something ng-repeat="thing in bag"&gt;{{thing | thingSumJoin }},
    but angular filters only work on arrays, *and* you can't inject $scope to a
  filter

- modules and so forth. how the hell do you really work? there are about 100 different variations on initializing modules.
    angular.module("whatever", []);
    angular.module("whatever", ['thing', function(thing) {}]);

    var whatever = angular.module("whatever", []);
    whatever.controller("conJob", []);
    whatever.controller("conJob, ['thing', function(thing) {}]); 
    here is where it gets interesting. should 'thing' be imported by the parent
    module? or in the controller definition? good luck ya'll

- routes, I had an href which was captured by a route, loaded a controller to
  project into a view/partial. The partial wasn't actually url-linked properly,
  sending the whole blasted thing into a slow chunking infinite loop. No error
  from angular, e.g. "sorry couldn't find partial x, you numbnut"

  - ahhh SyntaxError: unexpected token <. angular.js:2
    oh wait, that's not my code. oh wait, they're evaling something, oh wait
    theres no way to trace or debug this. guess I should have tested everythin
    
- testing is nice. i love software testing. it helps though when you have any
  rough idea how to architect your app to avoid wasting 
  
  build your app slowly with each test, and as you learn in doing so the chance
  you will rewrite early code is high, and hence your tests are likely in need
  of a change. 
  
  experiment and rough out some features with the framework, learn a few of the
  behaviors. get a good idea from best practices how to architect your app and
  what types of test conditions are most important to validate.

- ng-if and ng-class, if ng-if is initially false and using a function, it
  won't update and ng-class won't update it's value?? maybe.

- protractor is a piece of TRASH

- | date 'shortTime' <- if you don't use quotes then it acts like shortDate.
  gotcha!

  - oh i love this
  >>> x=1000
  >>> 0 < x < 10000
  True
  >>> 0 < x < 99
  False
  >>> 0 < x < 99
  False

  but javascript doesn't work that way. you need to write 0 < x && x < 10000
  etc
