"As with py.test, nose tests need not be subclasses of unittest.TestCase. Any
function or class that matches the configured testMatch regular expression
((?:^|[\\b_\\.-])[Tt]est) by default – that is, has test or Test at a word
boundary or following a - or \_) and lives in a module that also matches that
expression will be run as a test. For the sake of compatibility with legacy
unittest test cases, nose will also load tests from unittest.TestCase
subclasses just like unittest does. Like py.test, nose runs functional tests in
the order in which they appear in the module file. TestCase-derived tests and
other test classes are run in alphabetical order."

In human please.
Nose will look through your code (more on how it 'looks' later), and look for
things like
these function names work: test(), my_test(), im_a_Test_too(), 
these function names don't: foo(), canaTESTlooklikethis()

tests run in the order they appear in your module.
__module__
def b_test(self):
def a_test(self):

runs b_test, a_test

*unless* you make a class and extend TestCase, like
class TestSuite(TestCase):
    def b_test(self):
    def a_test(self):

runs a_test, b_test


fixtures
test packages
__init__.py
    setup methods
    - setup
    - setup_package
    - setUp
    - setUpPackage
    teardown methods
    - teardown
    - teardown_package
    - tearDown
    - tearDownPackage

test modules
- it's name must mast the testMatch regexp. 
- In the module you can have  (static?) setup & teardown methods just like a
  package. 

Way setup/teardown is executed
setup: Test Package -> Test Module -> Test class ?
teardown: Test Package -> Test Module -> Test class ?

Any function in a test module that matches testMatch will be wrapped in a
FunctionTestCase and run as a test.

testMatch? Are there different versions of this for modules and functions?

"nose, by default, follows a few simple rules for test discovery.

If it looks like a test, it’s a test. Names of directories, modules, classes
and functions are compared against the testMatch regular expression, and those
that match are considered tests. Any class that is a unittest.TestCase subclass
is also collected, so long as it is inside of a module that looks like a test.
Directories that don’t look like tests and aren’t packages are not inspected.
Packages are always inspected, but they are only collected if they look like
tests. This means that you can include your tests inside of your packages
(somepackage/tests) and nose will collect the tests without running package
code inappropriately.
When a project appears to have library and test code organized into separate
directories, library directories are examined first.
When nose imports a module, it adds that module’s directory to sys.path; when
the module is inside of a package, like package.module, it will be loaded as
package.module and the directory of package will be added to sys.path.
If an object defines a __test__ attribute that does not evaluate to True, that
object will not be collected, nor will any objects it contains."

Wow, some examples would be sweet. and a bigger web friendly font

